Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant. - Horace
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome. - Michael Jordan
Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working. - Pablo Picasso
All things must come to the soul from its roots, from where it is planted. - Teresa of  vila
A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship. - Francis de Sales
The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness. - Sigmund Freud
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me. - Henry Ford
When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world. - John Muir
In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous. - Aristotle
Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose. - Richard Bach
When I do good I feel good, when I do bad I feel bad, and that's my religion. - Abraham Lincoln
Wisdom is the power to put our time and our knowledge to the proper use. - Thomas J. Watson
Life is what you make of it. Always has been, always will be. - Grandma Moses
Joy is the best makeup. - Anne Lamott
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace. - The Buddha
The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is a knowledge of our own ignorance. - Benjamin Franklin
Reflect on your present blessings, of which every man has many; not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some. - Charles Dickens
It always seems impossible until it's done. - Nelson Mandela
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else. - Laurence J. Peter
Pain and foolishness lead to great bliss and complete knowledge, for Eternal Wisdom created nothing under the sun in vain. - Kahlil Gibran
There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved. - George Sand
First comes thought; then organization of that thought, into ideas and plans; then transformation of those plans into reality. The beginning, as you w - Napoleon Hill
Action is the foundational key to all success. - Pablo Picasso
You always succeed in producing a result. - Tony Robbins
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world. - Arthur Schopenhauer
Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity. - William C. Menninger
Happiness mainly comes from our own attitude, rather than from external factors. - Dalai Lama
Wisdom cannot come by railroad or automobile or airplane or be hurried up by telegraph or telephone. - John Burroughs
One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity. - Albert Schweitzer
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet - Albert Einstein
Eighty percent of success is showing up. - Woody Allen
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. - Winston Churchill
The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art. - John Lasseter
Be the change that you want to see in the world. - Mahatma Gandhi
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves. - Laozi
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities... because it is the quality which guarantees all others. - Winston Churchill
It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life. - Elizabeth Kenny
In the sky there are no tracks. Outside there is no recluse. There are no conditioned things that are eternal. There is no instability in the Buddhas. - The Buddha
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it. - Edith Wharton
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do. - Kahlil Gibran
Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against. - Bruce Lee
Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations. - Leo Buscaglia
Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame. - Alexander Pope
In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies. - Winston Churchill
One should train in deeds of merit generosity, a balanced life, developing a loving mind that yield long-lasting happiness. - The Buddha
There is a difference between happiness and wisdom: he that thinks himself the happiest man is really so; but he that thinks himself the wisest is gen - Francis Bacon
It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit to forgive them for having witnessed your own. - Jessamyn West
But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated. - Ernest Hemingway
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut. - Albert Einstein
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. - Confucius
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us. - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth. - Chanakya
Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you won't do anything with it. - M. Scott Peck
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first. - William Shakespeare
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish. - John Adams
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. - John F. Kennedy
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life. - Robert Louis Stevenson
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher. - Pema Ch dr n
If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience. - Robert Fulghum
Before we acquire great power, we must acquire wisdom to use it well. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility. - Napoleon Hill
The ultimate promise of technology is to make us master of a world that we command by the push of a button. - Volker Grassmuck
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time. - Abraham Lincoln
Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths. - Etty Hillesum
If you are bitter, you are like a dry leaf that you can just squash, and you can get blown away by the wind. There is much more wisdom in forgiveness. - Vusi Mahlasela
Let go of your attachment to being right, and suddenly your mind is more open. You're able to benefit from the unique viewpoints of others, without be - Ralph Marston
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order. - Carl Jung
The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition. - Honor  de Balzac
The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly - that is what each of us is here for. - Oscar Wilde
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind. - Leonardo da Vinci
We gain the strength of the temptation we resist. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise. - Samuel Johnson
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. - Margaret Mead
When I was 40, my doctor advised me that a man in his 40s shouldn't play tennis. I heeded his advice carefully and could hardly wait until I reached 5 - Hugo Black
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. - Thomas Jefferson
Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes. - Henry J. Kaiser
Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking. - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit. - Elbert Hubbard
Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts. - Alan Cohen
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat. - Napoleon Hill
The word philosophy sounds high-minded, but it simply means the love of wisdom. If you love something, you don't just read about it; you hug it, you m - Hugh Jackman
Never complain and never explain. - Benjamin Disraeli
Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
To profit from good advice requires more wisdom than to give it. - Wilson Mizner
Numberless are the worlds wonders, but none more wonderful than man. - Sophocles
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten. - Tony Robbins
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. - Albert Einstein
It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them. - Epictetus
Let us resolve to be masters, not the victims, of our history, controlling our own destiny without giving way to blind suspicions and emotions. - John F. Kennedy
If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the  - Rachel Carson
You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you. - Eckhart Tolle
If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future. - Winston Churchill
Don't be dismayed by good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those - Richard Bach
Love is a friendship set to music. - Joseph Campbell
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small. - Laozi
Technology is teaching us to be human again. - Simon Mainwaring
In friendship as well as love, ignorance very often contributes more to our happiness than knowledge. - Fran ois de La Rochefoucauld
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm. - Abraham Lincoln
It is only the great hearted who can be true friends. The mean and cowardly, can never know what true friendship means. - Charles Kingsley
A short saying often contains much wisdom. - Sophocles
To succeed, we must first believe that we can. - Michael Korda
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way. - Christopher Morley
The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is. - Winston Churchill
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there? - Richard Bach
Irony is the gaiety of reflection and the joy of wisdom. - Anatole France
Each day provides its own gifts. - Marcus Aurelius
Love is flower like; Friendship is like a sheltering tree. - Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Great are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force, that thoughts rule the world. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Interestingly, according to modern astronomers, space is finite. This is a very comforting thought-- particularly for people who can never remember wh - Woody Allen
All of our technology is completely unnecessary to a happy life. - Tom Hodgkinson
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing. - Elbert Hubbard
The human spirit must prevail over technology. - Albert Einstein
'All conditioned things are impermanent'   when one sees this with wisdom, one turns away from suffering. - The Buddha
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today. - Brendan Behan
A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Knowing is not enough; we must apply! - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
If you can dream it, you can do it. - Walt Disney
A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends - Ralph Waldo Emerson
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are - Audrey Hepburn
No man is free who is not master of himself. - Epictetus
We respect our elders. There is wisdom that comes from experience, and I am not going to stop learning from wise counsel. - Marcia Fudge
Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes. - Friedrich Nietzsche
It is not wisdom but Authority that makes a law. - Thomas Hobbes
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the - Richard Bach
Wisdom often times consists of knowing what to do next. - Herbert Hoover
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction. - Antoine de Saint-Exup ry
The pine stays green in winter... wisdom in hardship. - Norman Douglas
The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream. - Harry Kemp
Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly. - John F. Kennedy
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart. - Washington Irving
Technology  is a queer thing. It brings you great gifts with one hand, and it stabs you in the back with the other. - Carrie Snow
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become. - Charles Du Bos
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid. - Audre Lorde
He who learns must suffer. And even in our sleep pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart, and in our own despair, against our will,  - Aeschylus
Everything that happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so. - Marcus Aurelius
You teach best what you most need to learn. - Richard Bach
Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command. - Alan Watts
A man is not old as long as he is seeking something. - Edmond Rostand
Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment. Most people are even incap - Albert Einstein
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future. - Plutarch
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen. - Frank Lloyd Wright
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning. - Gloria Steinem
He who is contented is rich. - Laozi
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick. - Bruce Lee
In complete darkness we are all the same, it is only our knowledge and wisdom that separates us, don't let your eyes deceive you. - Janet Jackson
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want. - Muhammad Ali
The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance - it is the illusion of knowledge. - Daniel J. Boorstin
I cannot make my days longer, so I strive to make them better. - Henry David Thoreau
Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled. - Barack Obama
You cannot have what you do not want. - John Acosta
Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night. - William Blake
The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back. - Seneca the Younger
Never do things others can do and will do, if there are things others cannot do or will not do. - Amelia Earhart
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness. - Euripides
Wisdom has its root in goodness, not goodness its root in wisdom. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built. - Eleanor Roosevelt
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities. - Maya Angelou
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence. - Frederick Douglass
Happiness can exist only in acceptance. - George Orwell
Life has no blessing like a prudent friend. - Euripides
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves. - William Shakespeare
It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all. - Edward de Bono
The superior man is modest in his speech but exceeds in his actions. - Confucius
In romance, we feel the need to zoom in and expound on our partner's foibles in intimate detail; in friendship, we tend to do the opposite, avoiding c - Mariella Frostrup
Never interrupt someone doing what you said couldn't be done. - Amelia Earhart
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions. - Alfred Tennyson
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned. - Seneca the Younger
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it. - Margaret Fuller
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater. - Albert Einstein
Don't believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding, find out what you already know, and you'll se - Richard Bach
A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer and attempting a task he cannot achieve. - Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Sadness flies away on the wings of time. - Jean de La Fontaine
God always takes the simplest way. - Albert Einstein
He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own. - Confucius
Simply put, you believer that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy. - Wayne Dyer
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one. - Mother Teresa
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. - Og Mandino
The simplest things are often the truest. - Richard Bach
There are three faithful friends - an old wife, an old dog, and ready money. - Benjamin Franklin
Listen to what you know instead of what you fear. - Richard Bach
It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot. - Anatole France
A house divided against itself cannot stand. - Abraham Lincoln
Golf is a game in which one endeavors to control a ball with implements ill adapted for the purpose. - Woodrow Wilson
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower. - Albert Camus
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. - Aesop
We must overcome the notion that we must be regular. It robs you of the chance to be extraordinary and leads you to the mediocre. - Uta Hagen
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be. - Bruce Lee
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life. - Wayne Dyer
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself. - Ana s Nin
All the great performers I have worked with are fueled by a personal dream. - John Eliot
Absence makes the heart grow fonder. - Thomas Haynes Bayly
Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you. - Nathaniel Hawthorne
Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness. - Rumi
The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own. - Laozi
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. - Helen Keller
If I know what love is, it is because of you. - Hermann Hesse
Our lives are a sum total of the choices we have made. - Wayne Dyer
He who is taught to live upon little owes more to his father's wisdom than he who has a great deal left him does to his father's care. - William C. Menninger
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions. - Naguib Mahfouz
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. - Winston Churchill
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it. - Albert Schweitzer
Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious. - Thomas Aquinas
Well done is better than well said. - Benjamin Franklin
All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother. - Abraham Lincoln
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor. - Elon Musk
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Reality does not conform to the ideal but confirms it. - Gustave Flaubert
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves... there lies the great, singular power of self-respect. - Joan Didion
One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a r - Brooks Adams
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. - Robert F. Kennedy
The hours of folly are measured by the clock; but of wisdom, no clock can measure. - William Blake
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night. - Edgar Allan Poe
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others. - Confucius
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another. - William Shakespeare
The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being. - Confucius
Here is one quality that one must possess to win, and that is definiteness of purpose, the knowledge of what one wants, and a burning desire to posses - Napoleon Hill
Ideas pull the trigger, but instinct loads the gun. - Don Marquis
A goal is a dream with a deadline. - Napoleon Hill
But at any rate, the point is that God is what nobody admits to being, and everybody really is. - Alan Watts
Don t sacrifice your own welfare for that of another, no matter how great. Realizing your own true welfare, be intent on just that. - The Buddha
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. - Winston Churchill
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened. - Laozi
Cunning... is but the low mimic of wisdom. - Plato
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality. - Plutarch
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention. - Oscar Wilde
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars. - Og Mandino
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools w - George Herbert
You just can't beat the person who never gives up. - Babe Ruth
If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Friendship is one of our most treasured relationships, but it isn't codified and celebrated; it's never going to give you a party. - Hanya Yanagihara
Applause is a receipt, not a bill. - Dale Carnegie
Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds - John Ruskin
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed. - Blaise Pascal
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine. - Morris West
Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible. - Walter Lippmann
Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after. - Henry David Thoreau
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness. - Sophocles
Correction does much, but encouragement does more. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better. - Samuel Beckett
Do more than dream: work. - William Arthur Ward
A wise person should be urgently moved on occasions that make for urgency. - The Buddha
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out. - Walter Winchell
Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance. - Jean Antoine Petit-Senn
It's easier to resist at the beginning than at the end. - Leonardo da Vinci
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing. - Abraham Lincoln
Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy. - Laozi
Pure, holy simplicity confounds all the wisdom of this world and the wisdom of the flesh. - Francis of Assisi
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. - Mother Teresa
It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly use false standards of measurement   that they seek power, success and wealth for thems - Sigmund Freud
Many sophisticated, intelligent people lack wisdom and common sense. - Joyce Meyer
The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries. - Winston Churchill
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate. - Albert Schweitzer
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one. - Marcus Aurelius
The essence of true friendship is to make allowance for another's little lapses. - Ovid
You can do it if you believe you can! - Napoleon Hill
The best way out is always through. - Robert Frost
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted. - John Lennon
An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox - Laozi
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. - Epictetus
A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool. - Joseph Roux
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom. - Euripides
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise. - Horace
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on. - Winston Churchill
If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one? - Abraham Lincoln
Independence is happiness. - Susan B. Anthony
Life is a learning experience, only if you learn. - Yogi Berra
If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think. - Oprah Winfrey
You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is. - Will Rogers
To keep your secret is wisdom; but to expect others to keep it is folly. - Samuel Johnson
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind. - Napoleon Hill
As you walk in God's divine wisdom, you will surely begin to see a greater measure of victory and good success in your life. - Joseph Prince
Friendship is but another name for an alliance with the follies and the misfortunes of others. Our own share of miseries is sufficient: why enter then - Thomas Jefferson
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do. - B. F. Skinner
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. - Thomas Edison
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye. - Helen Keller
Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a n - Bob Feller
All wisdom does not reside in Delhi. - P. Chidambaram
The superior man is satisfied and composed; the mean man is always full of distress. - Confucius
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know. - Laozi
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them. - Bruce Lee
It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover. - Henri Poincar 
True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment. - William Penn
Quick decisions are unsafe decisions. - Sophocles
Know what's important and what isn't. Have the wisdom to know the right thing to do, the integrity to do it, the character to stand up to those who do - Mark Goulston
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us. - Voltaire
Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself. - Henry Reed
Sorrow is knowledge, those that know the most must mourn the deepest, the tree of knowledge is not the tree of life. - Lord Byron
All serious daring starts from within. - Harriet Beecher Stowe
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. - Ana s Nin
Friendship, like credit, is highest when it is not used. - Elbert Hubbard
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. - Mother Teresa
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer. - Albert Camus
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful. - John Wooden
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends. - Abraham Lincoln
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door. - Kyle Chandler
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best. - Epictetus
Make the best use of what is in your power and take the rest as it happens. - Epictetus
Share your smile with the world. It's a symbol of friendship and peace. - Christie Brinkley
Friendship is Love without his wings! - Lord Byron
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are. - Bernice Reagon
Ask yourself the secret of your success. Listen to your answer and practice it. - Richard Bach
You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day. - Marian Wright Edelman
Whoever is happy will make others happy, too. - Mark Twain
The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind. - Kahlil Gibran
If only wed stop trying to be happy wed have a pretty good time. - Edith Wharton
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed. - Robert Schuller
Know from the rivers in clefts and in crevices: those in small channels flow noisily, the great flow silent. Whatever's not full makes noise. Whatever - The Buddha
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times. - Napoleon Hill
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act. - G. K. Chesterton
To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself. - S ren Kierkegaard
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. - Albert Einstein
If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place. - Laozi
They blame those who remain silent, they blame those who speak much, they blame those who speak in moderation. There is none in the world who is not b - The Buddha
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently. - William Arthur Ward
Wisdom begins at the end. - Daniel Webster
We are masters of the unsaid words, but slaves of those we let slip out. - Winston Churchill
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom. - Theodore Isaac Rubin
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. - Epictetus
Never promise more than you can perform. - Publilius Syrus
Nothing but heaven itself is better than a friend who is really a friend. - Plautus
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. - Colin Powell
It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success. - Havelock Ellis
Memory is the mother of all wisdom. - Samuel Johnson
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living. - Ana s Nin
I violated the Noah rule: Predicting rain doesn't count; building arks does. - Warren Buffett
The happiness that is genuinely satisfying is accompanied by the fullest exercise of our faculties and the fullest realization of the world in which w - Bertrand Russell
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it. - Lou Holtz
Do not scorn what you have received, nor envy the gains of others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind. - The Buddha
We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us. - Marcel Proust
False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces; but true friendship gives new life and animation to the object it supports. - Richard Burton
Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it. - Woody Allen
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more. - Nikola Tesla
A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else. - Len Wein
What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be. - Sai Baba
Imagination allows us to escape the predictable. It enables us to reply to the common wisdom that we cannot soar by saying, 'Just watch!' - Bill Bradley
All this modern technology just makes people try to do everything at once. - Bill Watterson
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. - Og Mandino
Yeah, we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun. - John Lennon
I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever. - Amy Tan
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Imagination is more important than knowledge... - Albert Einstein
Genuine sincerity opens people's hearts, while manipulation causes them to close. - Daisaku Ikeda
A goal without a plan is just a wish. - Larry Elder
Patience is the companion of wisdom. - Augustine of Hippo
There is nothing permanent except change. - Heraclitus
Just as much as we see in others, we have in ourselves. - William Hazlitt
If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose. - Mary Pickford
We are all inclined to judge ourselves by our ideals; others, by their acts. - Harold Nicolson
Speak low, if you speak love. - William Shakespeare
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers. - Plato
To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person. - Bruce Lee
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds. - Wayne Dyer
Make it your habit not to be critical about small things. - Edward Everett Hale
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it. - Pablo Picasso
Wisdom is nothing but a preparation of the soul, a capacity, a secret art of thinking, feeling and breathing thoughts of unity at every moment of life - Hermann Hesse
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last. - Winston Churchill
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned. - Charles W. Chesnutt
All know the way; few actually walk it. - Bodhidharma
An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage. - Jack Welch
Criticism is something you can easily avoid by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing. - Aristotle
Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes. - Carl Jung
The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind. - Ella Wheeler Wilcox
If there is such a thing as a good marriage, it is because it resembles friendship rather than love. - Michel de Montaigne
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life. - Albert Camus
Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other. - Benjamin Franklin
Chaos and Order are not enemies, only opposites. - Richard Garriott
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom. - William Blake
Conditions fall apart. Persist with diligence. - The Buddha
If you want to go east, don't go west. - Ramakrishna
A heart well prepared for adversity in bad times hopes, and in good times fears for a change in fortune. - Horace
Should you find a wise critic to point out your faults, follow him as you would a guide to hidden treasure. - The Buddha
What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others. - Nelson Mandela
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of. - Blaise Pascal
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake. - Napoleon
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be - Abraham Lincoln
Better be wise by the misfortunes of others than by your own. - Aesop
It is the neglect of timely repair that makes rebuilding necessary. - Richard Whately
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly. - Buckminster Fuller
Truth is powerful and it prevails. - Sojourner Truth
Where there is great love, there are always miracles. - Willa Cather
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. - Nelson Mandela
This is why I loved technology: if you used it right, it could give you power and privacy. - Cory Doctorow
To lead people walk behind them. - Laozi
A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one. - Chuck Norris